We have created a website (with root https://ide50-bennettparsons.cs50.io/) that enables users
to buy and sell soccer players to create a team to play against other users.  Users start with a
fixed amount of cash that varies as players are purchased and trained.  Users may, however, earn
cash bonuses from winning matches.

First a user must login at the register screen by entering a username and password (and confirming
the password).  Once at the webisites home page, they have much to do before being able to play any
games!  They must first update their team name on the screen that greets them (they may change this later
via the settings tab, as well as their username or password).  They must then begin to buy players with
their starting cash.  This can be done via transfers > buy in the navbar.  Entering a valid first name
in the firstname box will bring about a typeahead suggestion bar; DON'T CLICK ON THE SUGGESTIONS! They are
just suggestions for the valid entries into the first and lastname fields.  After you have entered values
into these fields, assign your player a position.  You may choose to sell any exisiting players via the sell
tab (in transfers) at any time, as may you view your transaction history at any time (transfers > history).
Perhaps the most fun feature is viewing the squad you have created, via the squad button.  This shows you some
of the players' individual stats as well as a fine portrait!

Once you have purchased 11 players, you have a valid lineup! You may now begin to play matches against other
users by challenging them via the match button on the navbar.  If you don't know the usernames of any other
users, not to worry!  You can view the leaderboards of all users on the site via the World Rankings button,
which will give you valid values for other usernames.

You may notice that all your players appear to have the same overall, despite how good you may think they
are.  That's because they do!  In order to improve your players, you must train them, by sepending $1000
to improve them by 1 overall.  While this may not seem to be the best deal, it's better than you think; it
also increases their resell value by $1010, more money than you actually put into them! Not only will training
help you win games (which brings about a hefty $2000 bonus) it increases the sell price of your players by more
than you put into them!

